samples: wifi: Replace nrfjprog with nrfutil (#21108)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The :ref:`ug_nrf91` documentation to use `nRF Util`_ instead of nrfjprog.
  * The :ref:`dm-revisions` section of the :ref:`dm_code_base` page with information about the preview release tag, which replaces the development tag.
  * The :ref:`ug_bt_mesh_configuring` page with the security toolbox section and the key importer functionality.

>   * The :ref:`Getting started with nRF7002 DK` documentation to use `nRF Util`_ instead of nrfjprog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`ug_nrf7002_gs` documentation to use `nRF Util`_ instead of nrfjprog.
```
